Part 1: (Song Lyrics Generation)
Import the file into your notebook and showcase a couple of rows from
it.

Print all of the artist’s names and show how many songs are associated with each artist.

Print the size of the dataset and how many songs are there.

Print the average number of characters and words of a song for all songs lyrics in the dataset (the average length of a song).

A nice to way to visualize text data with repeated words is by using a word cloud image.
Go over all the songs lyrics and print the top 3 most used words in the songs.
Then use a word cloud image to visualize the data, the most used words should appear the biggest in the word cloud.




Preprocessing:
Create a corpus from the given lyrics.

Remove any unrequired characters from the corpus, to do 
that you have to look in the corpus and check out if you got 
unnecessary symbols such as foreign language characters … etc.

Encode the data to make it ready for training the model.


















Model Definition and training:
Use an LSTM model that can handle sequential data, as well as any
loss function and optimizer of your choosing that you think is suitable
for this task to train the model on the data.

Train the model on the lyrics such that it can be used to generate new
lyrics afterwards, train it for 100 epochs and plot the training loss as a
function to the number of epochs.



Evaluation:
Define a function to generate new lyrics such that it takes a starting string and a character count.
Def LyricsGenerator(starting_string, char_count)

The model should take the starting string as a prior and start generating
new lyrics after that string, and it should stop generating once it reaches the character count.

In class, we learned multiple generation strategies (such as top-k, top-p…), make sure you use a suitable strategy.
Since you are going to experiment with multiple strategies, write in a
text box the strategy you used and how the algorithm works in your case,
as well as a couple of results from previous strategies you didn’t end up choosing,
showcase the difference between the generations.


To evaluate the model, we will generate 3 songs with different starting
strings and a max character count to be the average character count of
the songs in the dataset (which you extracted before).
Song 1 starts with “ it’s not a silly little moment …”
Song 2 starts with your favorite song’s first sentence, write down which
song you chose in a text box above the cell,
 “ — type your favorite song’s starting string —”
Song 3 starts with an empty string “”, this should generate a new song
from scratch.

In the end you should have a minimum of 2 generations per song using
different strategies.